_Attending: Bruno, Donnacha, Fil, Iftach, Lucy, Michael, Sree, Steph_

**Next meeting: Friday, September 26th, 2pm, OB37**

## BOSS data
* Bla
* Bla
* Bla

## DES data

### Target selection
* DES target selection: same selection for eBOSS ELGs, can we apply the same? Steph + Aurélien downloaded from Trivial Acess. Some problems: some stamps don't have anything in there. Bug in the code? Magnitude cut: less than 23. Plot magnitude versus error. If at the cut there are a lot of 2sigma objects, the proportion can be explainable. Check mangle masks too, there is information there.
* For the cutouts, we probably need the combined image too. Check if all the cutouts are in the same astrometric system. If they are, it's easy, quick python code to sum everything, if not, use SWARP (Steph + Fil). We will visually inspect that.
* Where are the actual catalogs coming from? Single exposure, single coadd, combined color coadd?
* Check if Boris has done what we need. Be careful, sometimes throwing data away is better than marginalizing. We are far into the cosmic variance limit regime, we can throw quite some data away while still keeping the statistical power.

### Photo-zs
* For the photo-zs, we need to know the magnitude cuts. Need to use the weights (depend on magnitude, what are the weights?). We will have often varying conditions, so photo-z training sets will have to be trained each time. First step: photo-z run for all the subsamples together, then look at what happens with subsamples.
* Spectroscopic subsample (42k): compilation of spectroscopic objects. Color calibration changes with which catalog (reduction), so matching can be redone. ~2% can drop in and out depending on the reduction.
* Coordinate to insert code in github, "pipeline it" (Bruno + Iftach)
* Fil+Iftach discuss in a separate meeting how the tests will be run (parallel jobs, etc, etc?).
* We will need photo-zs pretty soon. For it not to be a bottleneck, SVA1-trained is a first estimate.
* Separate in color bins to circumvent the need for immediately ready photo-z's?
* Correlation in color bins is larger than redshift bin. But correlations will be stronger for high S/N galaxies.
* Photo-z's can wait for a few weeks.
* We might want a template set also. Can LePhare be run (Steph + Fil)?

### Star-galaxy separation
* Someone is coming to star-galaxy separation. Maayane's got: dimensionality reduction + Fisher discriminant on data. ANNz1 --> ANNz2 + Iftach other codes.
* Not using covariances between color aspects, switch between morpho and non-morpho. Gary Bernstein is worried about systematics cropping up.
* A postdoc is coming, maybe she could work on that.
* For the moment, keep going with the modes proposal.
## Other stuff
* Iftach + Lucy to mailing list and github.
* Start seriously thinking about the science.

TO-DO List

## A) Preparing DES data

### Target selection and fake object inspection: postage stamps
* Empty stamps problem: Bug in the code? Low S/N objects?
   * Plot MAG x MAGERR, check statistics at MAG limit
   * Check mangle masks (for?)
* Create combined image cutouts
   * Check if all cutouts are in the same astrometric system
   * If yes, python script to sum. If not, SWARP.
* Divide cutouts between volunteers 
* For info: which exposures/coadds/bands are the DESDM Y1P1 catalogs generated from?
* For info: check existing QAs, see what useful info is already there.
* For info: Brazil portal for some of the work above? Which parts?

### Other cuts
*

### Star-galaxy separation
* For the moment, proceed with the modest proposal
* Someone is needed to tackle this in more detail: new postdoc? 

### Photo-z's
*
*
*

### Weights and masks
[]
[]
[]

## Preparing BOSS data

### Catalog creation
[]
[]
[]

### Mask creation
[]
[]
[]

### Weights
[]
[]


## Cl estimation
### BOSS auto- and cross-correlations
[]
[]
[]

### BOSS x DES cross-correlations
[]
[]
[]
